docs: Make usage of TestSuite elements more visible (#69)
eclipse/kiso-testing: docs/introduction/integration_test.rst

    pykiso -c configuration_file --variant var1 --variant var2 --branch-level daily --branch-level nightly

> In order to properly use the SetUp/TearDown features, user have to define a test suite set up and/or test suite
> tear down class inheriting from BasicTestSuiteSetup (:py:meth:`pykiso.test_coordinator.test_suite.BasicTestSuiteSetup`)
> or BasicTestSuiteTeardown (:py:meth:`pykiso.test_coordinator.test_suite.BasicTestSuiteTeardown`). These class handle
> method called test_suite_setUp/test_suite_tearDown that must be overridden to construct the actual test suite.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to utilise the SetUp/TearDown test-suite feature, users have to define a class inheriting from BasicTestSuiteSetup (:py:meth:`pykiso.test_coordinator.test_suite.BasicTestSuiteSetup`)
or BasicTestSuiteTeardown (:py:meth:`pykiso.test_coordinator.test_suite.BasicTestSuiteTeardown`). For each of these classes, the following methods test_suite_setUp or test_suite_tearDown must be overridden with the behaviour you want to have.

```

> .. note:: As class are based on unittest module, class methods (test*) will be executed automatically.

Reviewer: I do not understand what you mean
